Update Operator instructions for Custom Access (#46036)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/guides/operator/basic-deployment.adoc

To deploy {project_name}, you create a Custom Resource (CR) based on the Keycloak Custom Resource Definition (CRD).

[NOTE]
====

> If you are on OpenShift, you cannot use wildcard certificates on passthrough Routes with HTTP/2 enabled. A Keycloak CR on OpenShift with TLS enabled using a wildcard certificate with the default IngressClass creates such a Route. In this case, see "Accessing the {project_name} deployment" later in this topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are on OpenShift, you cannot use wildcard certificates on passthrough Routes with HTTP/2 enabled. The following Keycloak CR on OpenShift using a wildcard certificate with the default IngressClass creates such a Route. In this case modify the yaml based upon "Accessing the {project_name} deployment" later in this topic to utilize TLS Termination or an OpenShift re-encrypt route.
```

    headers: xforwarded # double check your reverse proxy sets and overwrites the X-Forwarded-* headers
----

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: We don't need a note as the preceeding yaml shows using the Keycloak CR for tls termination.
